[Sample] Add Dynamic Entity Layer (#774)
Esri/arcgis-runtime-samples-java: feature_layers/add-dynamic-entity-layer/README.md

# Add dynamic entity layer

Display data from an ArcGIS stream service using a dynamic entity layer.

![AddDynamicEntityLayer](AddDynamicEntityLayer.gif)

## Use case

> A stream service is a type of service provided by ArcGIS Velocity and GeoEvent Server that allows clients to receive a stream of data observations via a web socket. ArcGIS Runtime allows you to connect to a stream service and manage the information as dynamic entities within the application, and display them in a dynamic entity layer. Displaying information from feeds such as a stream service is important in applications like dashboards where users need to visualize and track updates of real-world objects in real-time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A stream service is a type of service provided by ArcGIS Velocity and GeoEvent Server that allows clients to receive a stream of data observations via a web socket. ArcGIS Maps SDK for Java allows you to connect to a stream service and manage the information as dynamic entities within the application, and display them in a dynamic entity layer. Displaying information from feeds such as a stream service is important in applications like dashboards where users need to visualize and track updates of real-world objects in real-time.
```
